hey guys at socal val reporting for
impact wrestling calm and today is a
huge celebration at our sponsor direct
auto insurance here in Orlando Florida
its pre against all odds party and of
course it's a star-studded event because
the beautiful miss Tara is in the house
yes I'm super excited to be here with
direct auto it's my second appearance
with them and it's they always treat us
with red carpet it's also the way also
nice and also we have crimps and it's
going to be here Jim special appearance
by cream added you future main eventer
there yeah you got get represent the
redheads you can't just be me but tear
you know now rumor has it that someone
here has a birthday is that right it was
my birthday yesterday and I got stuck at
the Chicago O'Hare Airport on for five
hours so i didn't get in till 3am last
night but you know thank goodness for
admiral club right you know for the free
99 drinks and free cookies and i'll be
nice and carved up for my match on
sunday yeah that sounds good but i think
we can do better i think we should have
more of a party for you so here you go
ladies and gentlemen not only is a
direct auto appearance but today we've
got a birthday party for Tara give it up
for the birthday girl we got to get a
shot of this stuff check it out it is
the wall of Tara in honor of her
birthday look at all the fans prepared
for Tara and I have a feeling if you
have really amps well if you have one
birthday wish I'm assuming it's to have
victory tomorrow it against a lot around
my waist that's yes that's my number one
my goal yes and and also secondly it
probably I don't care the results to be
honest with you I do want to be champ
but I want the fans to walk away very
entertain and have a perfect match and
get a shot of this ladies and gentlemen
now talk about a birthday cake who made
that I think we gotta sing happy
birthday to Tara don't we happy birthday
to you happy birthday
dude around the claws for the birthday
girl Tara right here at the home of our
official sponsor direct auto insurance
honestly these fans are amazing awesome
and I think every each and every one of
you guys for being here and it's let's
get into that cake yes yes all right all
right we've heard from the birthday girl
we're here with direct auto insurance or
official sponsor and ladies and
gentlemen crimson is in the house what
half of the TNA tag team champions we
have to ask you were going into against
all odds tomorrow live on pay-per-view
it's against all odds and you and Matt
Morgan are the TNA tag team champions
but tomorrow you're gonna be taking on
Magnus and Samoa Joe so what are your
thoughts going into this match the first
thing it's a tough challenge and I kind
of asked myself what am I doing here
shouldn't I be preparing for this match
you can party and prepare at the same
time no I one thing is i love i love
being out here with the fans and being
able to interact these guys and that
that's what drives me but getting to
against all odds you know it is a tough
match and i don't want anyone to doubt
how prepared i am because i am prepared
you know I'm in the best shape of my
life and there's nothing more i'm
looking forward to it than defending
these tag team titles tomorrow night and
you know there's no doubt in my mind me
and Morgan are leaving with those belts
absolutely I think the fans here would
agree tomorrow night the tag team titles
are staying where they're at it's
against all I'll do want to thank so
much to direct auto insurance as our
sponsor oh there's the birthday girl or
do you guys are here for my party oh my
birthday right thank you you came thanks
crimson look at red hair red hair hair
yes but now serious moment a poet poetic
reading from Terra happy birthday Tara
roses are red violets are blue you are
the best wrestler are ever knew by Jared
2012 we can share it come here to share
it that was from Jared the fans love
Tara and they love crimson Oh giving
kisses here special thanks at our
sponsor direct auto insurance and don't
forget it's tomorrow night guys against
all
live on pay-per-view